issue #8179 from video.js repo - Updated getting-started.mdx (#193)
videojs/videojs.com: src/mdx-pages/getting-started.mdx

└── video.min.js
```

This package includes everything you'll need to use Video.js on a production site.

> #### Explanation of Core Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Explanation of the Versions
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **video.js**: The default build of Video.js, which includes the [HTTP Streaming (VHS)](https://github.com/videojs/http-streaming) playback engine for HLS and DASH playback with [Media Source Extensions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Source_Extensions_API) and [our fork of Mozilla's VTT.js](https://github.com/videojs/vtt.js/).
```

> - **video.core.js**: The core version of Video.js without any plugins or additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **alt/video.core.js**: The core version of Video.js without VHS.
```

I would include the path to reinforce where to find these.

> - **video.core.min.js**: The minified version of the core Video.js file, optimized for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It's probably easier to scan if min is just mentioned separately at the end.

> - **video.core.novtt.js**: The core version of Video.js without VTT.js, suitable if you don't need VTT.js functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **alt/video.core.novtt.js**: The core version of Video.js without VTT.js, suitable if you don't need VTT.js functionality.
```

> - **video.core.novtt.min.js**: The minified version of the core Video.js file without VTT.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **video.novtt.js**: A version of Video.js with additional features but without VTT.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **alt/video.novtt.js**: A version of Video.js with VHS but without VTT.js.
```

> - **video.novtt.min.js**: The minified version of Video.js with additional features but without VTT.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each file is also available as a `.min.js` version for production which is minified with uglify-js.
```

#### Approximate File Sizes

- **video.core.js**: ~943KB
- **video.core.min.js**: ~252KB
- **video.core.novtt.js**: ~886KB
- **video.core.novtt.min.js**: ~233KB
- **video.novtt.js**: ~2,225KB
- **video.novtt.min.js**: ~629KB
- **video.js**: ~2,282KB

> - **video.min.js**: ~648KB

Reviewer: I think we probably don't need this. File sizes change slightly all the time. The sizes for each published version can be viewed at https://www.npmjs.com/package/video.js?activeTab=code

Author: did the changes

> By default, we bundle Video.js with Mozilla's excellent [VTT.js](https://github.com/mozilla/vtt.js). If you don't need VTT.js functionality for whatever reason, you can use one of the Video.js copies that don't include VTT.js. These have <code>novtt</code> in the name and can be found in the <code>alt/</code> directory. <code>font/</code> includes all the generated icon font files from the [Videojs Font project](https://github.com/videojs/font). <code>lang/</code> contains all the generated translation files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code>font/</code> includes all the generated icon font files from the [Videojs Font project](https://github.com/videojs/font). <code>lang/</code> contains all the generated translation files.
```

The part about VTT is redundant with the bullet points above.
